doc/src/main/asciidoc/introduction/what-is-arcadedb.adoc, before:

[[waht_is_arcadedb]]
=== What is ArcadeDB?

ArcadeDB is the new generation of DBMS that runs on pretty much every hardware/software configuration. ArcadeDB is Multi-Model, that means it can work with graphs, documents and other forms of data. ArcadeDB is the fastest DBMS in all the benchmarks we have measured against RocksDB, MongoDB, Cassandra, OrientDB and Neo4j*.

[discrete]
==== How can it be so fast?

ArcadeDB is written in LLJ ("Low-Level-Java"), that means it's written in Java (Java7+), but without using high-level API. The result is that ArcadeDB does not use the Heap (and therefore the Garbage Collection), but still runs on pretty much every sw/hw configuration. Furthermore the kernel is built to be efficient on multi-core CPUs by using novel Mechanical Symphaty techniques.

[discrete]
==== Cloud DBMS

ArcadeDB was born on the cloud. Even though you can run ArcadeDB as embedded and in an on-premise setup, if your application is on the Cloud, you can spin an ArcadeDB cluster in a few seconds from the online dashboard.

[discrete]
==== Is ArcadeDB FREE?

ArcadeDB is released under a Commercial license. FREE usages can apply, please write an email to info@arcadeanalytics.com.

Commit message:

Updated docs preparing for the publishing of ArcadeDB with Apache 2 License

doc/src/main/asciidoc/introduction/what-is-arcadedb.adoc, after:

[[waht_is_arcadedb]]
=== What is ArcadeDB?

ArcadeDB is the new generation of DBMS that runs on pretty much every hardware/software configuration.
ArcadeDB is Multi-Model, that means it can work with graphs, documents and other forms of data.
ArcadeDB is the fastest DBMS in all the benchmarks we have measured against RocksDB, MongoDB, Cassandra, OrientDB and Neo4j*.

[discrete]
==== How can it be so fast?

ArcadeDB is written in LLJ ("Low-Level-Java"), that means it's written in Java (Java8+), but without using high-level API. The result is that ArcadeDB does not allocate many objects at run-time on the Heap, so the Garbage Collection doesn't do much.
At the same time, it's still able to run on pretty much every sw/hw configuration.
Furthermore the kernel is built to be efficient on multi-core CPUs by using novel Mechanical Sympathy techniques.

[discrete]
==== Cloud DBMS

ArcadeDB was born on the cloud.
Even though you can run ArcadeDB as embedded and in an on-premise setup, if your application is on the Cloud, you can spin an ArcadeDB cluster in a few seconds from Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure consoles.

[discrete]
==== Is ArcadeDB FREE?

ArcadeDB Community Edition is really FREE for any purpose because released under Apache 2.0 license.
Commercial license is available that include support and extra features.
